fix(flutter): update example of query relations (#4353)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/datastore/flutter/relational/query-snippet.mdx

> In order to retrieve all models that are related to a parent model, you can use query predicate with the query API as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to retrieve all models that are related to a parent model, you can use query predicates with the query API:
```
